 Progress Report (20 points), 5th April

The progress report is a chance for you to take stock of how far you have come and to
reflect on whether or not you are comfortable with the substance or scope of your final
project. The format of the progress report will be a Jupyter notebook that should be
uploaded to the private github repository you have set up for your team. It should
Include:

● Project introduction: an introduction that discusses the data and related problems
that you are investigating.

● Any changes since the proposal: a discussion whether your scope has changed
since the check-in proposal slides. List the parts that were removed from your plan as
well as the parts that were added newly in your plan.

● Data: explain how you have prepared your data.

● Exploratory data analysis: explain what your data looks like (visualizations are often
better). Include any interesting issues or preliminary
conclusions you have about your data.

● At least five visualizations that shows an interesting hypothesis, along with an
explanation about why you thought this was an interesting hypothesis to
Investigate. Write the name of the member(s) who is responsible for each of them while
explaining it.

● At least two ML analyses on your dataset, along with a baseline comparison and an
interpretation of the result that you obtain. Write the name of the member(s) who is
responsible for it while explaining it.
● Reflection: a discussion on the following aspects:

○ What is the most challenging part of the project that you’ve encountered so far?
○ What are your initial insights?
○ Are there any concrete results you can show at this point? If not, why not?
○ Going forward, what are the current biggest problems you’re facing?
○ Do you think you are on track with your project? If not, what parts do you need to
dedicate more time to?
○ Given your initial exploration of the data, is it worth proceeding with your project,
why? If not, how will you move forward (method, data etc)?

● Next Step: Concrete plans and goals for the next month

Need to submit:
A PDF of your Jupyter notebook to Gradescope which includes a link to the notebook located in
your repository (the two notebooks should look the same).
Grading Criteria:
The amount of progress that has been made.